If you believe you need to process this FAQ, stop; it can be tedious.

1) Do you have a 300dpi or 600dpi PostScript printer? -- if so, try
   newfaq.300ps or newfaq.ps (these were made for CanonCX and
   Laserjet4 engines, respectively)
2) Do you need PostScript output at some other resolution? -- if so,
   process newfaq.dvi (you'll need the font set required by psnfss, at
   least for Times, Helvetica and Symbol fonts; you'll also need the
   logo* fonts -- the mostly likely oddity is logod10, the .mf for
   which is to be found on CTAN in tex-archive in
   tex-archive/systems/knuth/local/lib/logod10.mf)
3) Do you need non-PostScript output? -- if so, process newfaq-cm.dvi
   (this only needs the logo* fonts)
4) Do you use (North American) letter paper? -- if so, modify the
   above recommendations to use letterfaq instead of newfaq.

I've not dissuaded you?

Well, you need a production LaTeX2e (i.e., at the very least
1994/06/01, though the development work is done using the latest
version of LaTeX2e (1995/12/01 at the time of writing), and no
guarantees are offered that the code will process using anything
earlier), and you should process newfaq.tex (for A4 paper) or
letterfaq.tex (for letter paper).  You should download every file in
the CTAN directory (except things like ChangeLog [boring] and Makefile
[mine: may not even be there, but not intended for your use])
----
Package and class use (breathe deep)

newfaq.tex and letterfaq.tex use class faq, which passes all its
options to article.cls, and then loads packages faq (in the CTAN
directory) and multicol (part of the LaTeX2e tools set)

faq.sty loads

 times and pifont (from the PSNFSS package) if the default faqfont.cfg
   (in the CTAN directory) isn't there
 mflogo (which implies loading Ulogo.fd) (but both of those are in the
   CTAN directory)
 texnames (which is in the CTAN directory)
 ifthen (from the 2e distribution)
 comment (from tex-archive/macros/latex209/contrib/misc/)

newfaq.tex and letterfaq.tex also load

 faqbody.tex the questions

The fonts I have (over and above the default) are logod10 at magsteps
0, 1 and 2 (thus I have a logod10.300pk,360pk,432pk for making the .ps
file in the CTAN directory, and .600pk,720pk and 864pk for use on the
LJ4 printers here).  The source for logod10 is in
tex-archive/systems/knuth/local/lib (it uses logo.mf, which should be
in your distribution).
----
Robin Fairbairns
UKTUG honorary victim,
      production of the new FAQ
rf@cl.cam.ac.uk  (please address comments on the document, or on
   anything related, to me)
